do you remove that the grim adventures
of Billy & Mandy episode who killed who
in the episode
Mandy retrieves some dice on my house
there is a scene where she meets a woman
called mrs. Doolin voiced by Betty White
she is of course an elderly woman who
converses with Bradley over what Billy
had said to Mandy at the end of the
episode we discover that mrs. Doolin
actually beat the grim reaper in a
staring contest after she and Mandy
scared away Billy Mandy exits the house
Mandy then looks back and discovers that
mrs. Doolin was really a ghost in the
final scene we discover from a portrait
that Grimm knew her for quite a long
time and had finally come to reap her
soul what's more unsettling is the fact
that mrs. Doolin had known Grimm for so
long almost as if Grimm was her friend
for our entire life just like Mandy the
similarities are quite shocking no just
look at how mrs. dueling says she
constantly beat death and how Mandy
constantly wins over grim in every
episode such as arguments or situations
also if you look at the pendant that
mrs. Doolin is wearing you can see that
it is in fact a spider-man Leah was
having to Phinny toward spiders we
showed no fear towards Jeff the spider
furthermore look how mrs. dueling
reacted when Mandy said that Billy
didn't allow Mandy to play who killed
who simply because manley was a girl
mrs. Doolin reacted violently but never
really stated why
what if she's remembering those exact
words when Billy told it and all those
years ago it should also be noted that
at the very beginning of the show Mandy
could have beaten Ruben the staring
contest but in reality she beat him in a
limbo competition due to mrs. Dillon's
old age she could have confused the
staring contest that she had with Billy
and the limbo contest that she had with
grim Mandy could be a very senile old
woman who was remembering her childhood
memories in form of mrs. dueling as
she's begun to imagine what she
experienced as a child however instead
of normal people she remembers monsters
as she is schizophrenic have you not
noticed how the show progressively gets
weirder and weirder this could be due to
the fact that she's slowly losing her
mind but yet in her imagination
everything that's going on is perfectly
ordinary for example in season 6 episode
10 the plaintiff also billions upon
Mandy backfires and Mandy seemingly
takes control of the people around her
by simply commanding them to do so
this Points man leads been the
controller of the world just like a
child playing pretend it also shows what
Mandy will inevitably become an old
woman whose soul shall be reaped by grim
in her last dying breath she realizes
that grim and finally one